doc: Add NotifyAccess option to system section (#483)
edgehog-device-manager/edgehog-device-runtime: doc/os_requirements.md

cargo build --features systemd
```

> To allow systemd to receive status changes from service, you need to add `NotifyAccess=exec` option 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow systemd to receive status changes from service, you need to set the `NotifyAccess` option to either `exec` or `main`. 
```

Reviewer: I believe `main` should be sufficient. Since we are the only process that should be started by the service.

Author: We can leave both options in the doc, so the users can make a choice according to their needs.
